Take some YOU time
Go try something new
Take a look at everything you've done so far and your're only getting started
One small positive thought can change your whole day.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there
If opportunity doesn’t knock build a door.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk not because it's safe or certain.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait but better things come to those who go out and get them.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending he turned into a butterfly.
Opportunities don't happen you create them.
Try not to become a person of success but rather try to become a person of value.
I have not failed. I've just found 10000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents
If you're going through hell keep going.
Don't raise your voice improve your argument.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. 
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything but not everything
Thinking should become your capital asset no matter whatever ups and downs you come across inyour life.
I find that the harder I work the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire. 
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day-in and day-out.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing--that's why were commend it daily.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
It's not what you look at that matters it's what you see. 
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders not more followers.
Success is liking yourself liking what you do and liking how you do it.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man with laser-like focus.
Courage is resistance to fear mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
If you genuinely want something don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient. 
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier wish you were better.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends family and neighbors.
In my experience there is only one motivation and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance no destiny no fate that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like.
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life growing to reach your maximum potential and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done it's always your choice.
To accomplish great things we must not only act but also dream not only plan but also believe.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going
